Prevent confusion about "priority" (#4287)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/UsersGuide.asciidoc

(The default behavior is not obsoleting). With this option jobs which are currently pending,
for example scheduled or running, are cancelled when a new medium is triggered.

_DEPRIORITIZEBUILD:: Setting this switch to '1' will deprioritize the
unfinished jobs of old builds, and it will obsolete the jobs once the
configurable limit of the priority value is reached.

_DEPRIORITIZE_LIMIT:: The configurable limit of priority value up to which

> jobs should be deprioritized. Needs `_DEPRIORITIZEBUILD`. Default 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jobs should be deprioritized. Needs `_DEPRIORITIZEBUILD`. Defaults to 100.
```
